Update Contributing.md to remove mention of CLA (#4804)
helm/helm: CONTRIBUTING.md

## How to Contribute a Patch

1. Fork the repo, develop and test your code changes.
1. Use sign-off when making each of your commits (see [above](#sign-your-work)).

>    If you forgot to sign some commits that are part of the contribution, you can use git's Rebase Interactive feature to fix those.

Reviewer: can you perhaps provide a link to https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Rewriting-History here for those who are unaware of this feature?

```suggestion
   If you forgot to sign some commits that are part of the contribution, you can ask [git to rewrite your commit history](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Rewriting-History).
```
